When would you want to create a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

	When you want to colaborate with other people or you want to save your repository online, keeping your files safe in
	case your computer present problems or you want to work on your projects in different computers.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

	Because in your local work you may be testing different aspects you don't want to include in your overall project yet or
	you don't want to create a new commit in your local project in a random time if someone else make a change at the remote.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

	-forks are a sort of a clone of a repository directly from github to your github repositories.
	-clones are a clone of a repository to your local machine.
	-branches are different "paths" that you take in your project so that you can first make a feature work before actually 
		applying it to the master branch.
	
	You would fork a project if you want a "copy" of someone else's repository at your github account so that you can make changes
	on that repository and use them in an open source project. You would clone a project if you want to "download" that repository
	to a local machine and work there, you can clone your own projects or other's projects, but only cloning them won't give you
	the possibility of sharing so when you want to copy another's project, you would fork them into your github account and then
	cloning it to your computer. And finally, you want to branch a project when testing a new future, maybe a new gamemode or 
	whenever you want to make changes in your project that you want to save in a different "place" than the original branch.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

	By having the last known state of the remote stored locally, you can know what changed since the last time you tried to pull
	files from the github server, this making it easier to solve conflicts.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?

	You would have to make changes separatedly and then combine manually the files or use a program that automaticly sync files
	in the cloud like dropbox, but it would generate a lot of conflict if two persons would work at the same time in a file and
	it wouldn't have an easy way to solve such conflicts so it would be hard to do so. Using GitHub makes that a lot easier as it
	has tools to colaborate and solve merges conflicts.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?

	When making changes in master you compromise the master branch, wich is the main one, so it would make the changes "official"
	and it would be harder to go back if needed. It's better to make a different branch when colaborating or trying new features
	to test them out or asking to someone check the changes to see if they agree before applying them to the master branch.
	You would apply changes directly to the master if you are sure of your changes and you don't need someone else's oppinion about
	it.
