How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    By looking and older file without the bug and comparing it with the recent file that has the but we can then compare the differences to see what was changed
	and so finding the bug.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    I can see what changes were made so if a bug occurs, I can track it down by the history of the file. Also we can have a version control and be able to
	cooperate better with other programmers.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    With Google Docs conflicts always happen when saving automaticly and you don't know what changed so you can be editing a file and someone else also be editing
	it and would generate a conflict and wouldn't be as easy to combine the file.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Fill in your answer here

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    Fill in your answer here

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    Using version control I can easily track down changes that could result in bugs and in problems in my program so I don't need to worry about making a lot
	of changes in the filme.

MUDANÁA BITCH!

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Writing codes.
	
How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

	With the entire history of a file we could easily go back to previous versions if a change made in the file had a bug or even if the new program is not 
	as good as it was before so you decided to keep the old version.
	
What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

		Pros: By maunually saving, you can choose when is more appropiated, saving the files in a logical order and being able to quickly resolve any issues by
				looking the history.
		Cons: By having to manually save files, you may take too long to save them and if something happens like you accidentally close the file or the power goes down
				you may loose your recent changes.
				
How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

	With the git log we can access the commits of a file to see the history of commits made in it. With the git diff command we can then compare the
	two commits to see it's changes.
		
How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

	With version control we can easily track down the changes that "broke something down" and revert the code as it was.
	
Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

	To keep version control of my codes.